quick question for those of you in our
studio audience how many of you are here
on vacation right now because they're
weirdly it's become unusual according to
a study done by the US Travel
Association more than half of American
workers do not use all their vacation
days which is confusing because based on
what I see on Instagram seems like all
anyone ever does is go on vacation but
they say that last year alone US workers
left almost 800 million days of vacation
on the table they didn't take those days
off I guess first Buehler sacrifice
meant nothing to us the only American
who's really used in his vacation is
Donald Trump the president has been very
hard at work not working lately the
first item on Trump's schedule today and
this is true was at 11:45 people who
work at marijuana dispensaries get to
work earlier than his daily schedule
there's no commute he works in the house
daily schedule is basically wake up
TV TV tweet tweet yellow reporters in
front of a helicopter eat tweet TV tweet
tweet sleep tweet repeat I mean it
he had one public event on his schedule
this week he presented the medal of
freedom to NBA Hall of Famer Jerry West
that was it this week last week he also
had one event on his schedule he had a
ceremony in the Rose Garden to authorize
the new space force even ben Carson has
told me you might want to pick up the
pace on this because it's a little bit
weird when Guillermo was actually
working harder than the President of the
United States fine time in his schedule
to come up with nickname for the star of
Will and Grace today this morning he
wrote bad actress Deborah the mess
Messing is in hot water good one Donnie
she wants to create a blacklist of Trump
supporters and is being accused of
McCarthyism is also being accused of
being a racist because of the terrible
things she said about blacks and mental
illness that's nonsense by the way if
Roseanne Barr said what she did even
being on a much higher rated show she
would have been thrown off television
she was thrown off television so now
what will fate News NBC allow a McCarthy
style racist to continue ABC fired
Roseanne watched the double standard
well he does have a point
this is America I mean the only the only
racist who should be allowed to have a
TV show is him really he's the president
Trump vowed to take out Isis I guess
that didn't happen so instead he's going
after Will and Grace and Deborah the
mess Messing but that's what happens
when you have nothing to do all day idle
hands are the devil's tiny workshop
needless to say the president's team
pushed back against these reports that
he isn't working much this afternoon the
White House re-released his schedule for
the day which now includes a call kings
of places to stuff lead and check Eric
for lice which is important
they sharpen it up I have disabled in
his defense I have no problem with the
president not working in fact that is
what I want I don't want him working you
know you're on a bad road trip when
you're glad the driver fell asleep at
the wheel
that's all right okay so Tom's number
one focus today was to try to convince
us yet again that he wasn't wrong about
this hurricane heading toward Alabama
yesterday he showed a map that was
altered with a sharpie that said the
hurricane could hit Alabama and today he
tweeted six times about this today
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed
and they're in hurricane Dorian took a
different path the fate news knows this
very well that's why they're the fake
news certain models strongly suggested
that Alabama and Georgia would be hit
the great state of Alabama would have
been hit or grazed what I said was
accurate just as I said Alabama was
originally projected to be hit I was
with you all the way Alabama the fake
news media was not I visit there is no
question in my mind he now wants Alabama
to be hit by a hurricane he is dying for
this to happen you are in Birmingham
Huntsville Mobile nothing would make him
happier than to see you guys wiped out
tonight
today by the way you remember that
anonymous op-ed in the New York Times it
was written by an unknown senior member
of his administration well this person
wrote that a lot of people in Trump
circle was sticking around to try to
keep him from pursuing his worst
impulses he this person said that their
plan was to stay to try to rein him in
and by the way that was a plan did you
get enough - because it did not work but
the article said I guess to reassure us
it said the quote was there are adults
in the room specifically adult film
stars but of that op-ed which was titled
I am part of the resistance inside the
Trump administration and we still don't
know who the person who wrote it is
today The Times released a video
interview with the writer I think if you
pay attention there are some clues to be
found here is that correct yes and you
claim to have close access to the
President himself anything any close how
close too close you also report to be
part of a group that resists the
president's agenda
da I mean yes how do you do that how do
you resist
oh I don't many things many things I uh
I thought you shoelaces together on the
Texas adderall with skittles a blue
toilet seat closed everything and why
are you because he is idiot I want to go
back to New York and do shoppings
how many Popeye chickens can be spotty
it have to be grooming now witnessed
well you know what that could have been
anyone that could have been Count
Chocula 'he's wife for all we know
meanwhile Trump's former chief of staff
general John Kelly who some suspected
was the person who wrote that op-ed
according to CNN when he left he
promised the president he wouldn't write
a tell-all book wild Trump was still in
office he said he would wait and Trump
promised Kelly that he in turn would not
read a book while he was in office it's
a little something called the art of the
deal but John Kelly seems to me his face
already told us everything they need to
know about what was going on there
here's what we're not gonna have to wait
at all Trump is out of office for Sarah
how could be Sanders is writing a memoir
that we learned today will be out in the
fall of next year we also learned the
title the book will be called this is
not a book you know as presser great
Sarah Huckabee said and worked about as
hard as her boss is currently working
for one stretch he went 94 days without
holding a press briefing so this is
gonna be a heck of a book chapter 4
Sarah sits in her office for three
months eating Mars bars I imagine a lot
of things would happen to this country
when we elected Donald Trump president
never predicted it would mean more books
I really I guess that's a positive
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings